hey guys i'm going to be reviewing my
plan B sheckler block deck I learned it
from skate warehouse the unboxing is one
of my previous videos from a while ago
well first off this board was great I
mean it looks sick it rides really well
it slides great as you can see I don't
do no slides too much but it it's just
it's really stiff it has a lot of pop
it's really durable really great board I
have gotten so much use out of this and
I plan on using this until I get another
one I don't know when that'll be the
grip that came with it the plan B
prospec it's great grip tape I mean I
ordered grizzly grip with it and I
didn't even have to use music just
because this came on the board and it
was wonderful I mean it's it's really
grippy it's actually kind of like
grizzly it has a lot of grip and it's
not too hard on your shoes I mean I
think it's just about the perfect amount
of grip that a skateboarder would want
gives you a good catch when you're
catching your kick flips and your trays
I mean it's just it's awesome and if
you're thinking about getting a plan B
or you're unsure definitely do it
because Plan B's are great I mean I got
my other plan B over here this one was
also plan B Sheckler that I had a while
while ago this was my board I had before
this one and this one was really great I
mean they were both really strong and
they were just really great boards they
were probably the best boards I've had
ever so if you're thinking about getting
to plan B do it because they are awesome
so like comment you got any questions
and subscribe